== Ruby developer challenge for Sponsorpay

This challenge consists in a web application that uses a JSON API and render render the results of the response.
It was developed with the next tools:
* Ruby 1.8.7
* Rails 3.2.1 (plus other gems)
* Ubuntu 11.10 64 bits
* Gedit + Gmate plugins
* Gnome terminal
* git
* GitHub
* Heroku
* Chrome and Firefox browsers

== Getting Started

To try this application you can download the whole repository and execute it by using the rails server that comes out-the-box or in http://requestapp.herokuapp.com/

== What's inside

We've used Ruby on Rails to create this application. There is only one controller, called Request, and two views, index and results, asociated to it. There's no models used in development.
We don't make use of any model, but we chose PostgreSQL in production environment in order not to create conflicts with Heroku, which is not SQLite3-friendly.

== Eyecandy

The views make use of a stylesheet located in the assets folder. We've used basic CSS to implement it, making some features compatible with the different availables browsers.

== How To Use It

Using RequestApp is really easy!
At the first screen you have to introduce three parameters:

* User ID (It can't be empty)
* Custom parameter (It's optional so you can let it empty)
* Page number (It must be a number)

If response is OK, results will be displayed.
If response is No Content, a message saying there's no results is displayed.
If response is Bad Request, a message will tell it.

If response was real, a green tick will appear near the logo. If it was not real, a red cross error will be there.

== Testing
